now to a follow up to our exclusive
interview on Fridays Morning Joe with
Joe Biden where he responded for the
first time on camera to the allegation
by Tara Reed who briefly worked as a
staff assistant in Biden's Senate office
who claims Biden sexually assaulted her
back in 1993 Reed says she cannot
remember the exact time date or location
of the assault but that it occurred in
an empty corridor somewhere in the
Capitol Complex I asked the former vice
president tough questions because voters
deserve to know the truth and perhaps
now more than ever in this me to era
facts matter would you please go on the
record with the American people did you
sexually assault Tara Reid no it is not
true I'm saying unequivocally it never
never happened it didn't it never
happened do you remember her do you
remember any any types of complaints
that she might have made I don't
remember any type of complaint she may
have made it was 27 years ago
and I don't remember nor does anyone
else that I'm aware of and the fact is
that I don't remember I don't remember
any complaint ever having been made have
you or your campaign have you reached
out to her no I have not reached out
terrorists 27 years ago there this never
happened and when she first made the
claim we made it clear that it never
happened and that's as simple as that
your Senate documents at the University
of Delaware were supposed to go public
and then they were resealed
the access was changed I know that
you're saying any HR complaints could be
in the National Archives but why not
reveal your tenant documents that are
being held in Delaware and now there's
1800 plus boxes but if if if she
believes and she alleges that the
complaints may be hidden there why not
strive for complete transparency why
was the access to those documents sealed
up when they were supposed to be
revealed well they weren't supposed to
be revealed I gave them the University
the University said it's going to take
them time to go through all the boxes
they said it wouldn't be and that
wouldn't be before 2020 that that
occurred or 2021 I can't remember the
year they said but look a record like
this can only be one place it would be
at the it would not be at the University
of Delaware my archives do not contain
personal files my archives contained
document and I said that's when I say
personal personnel files they don't
contain any personnel files they're
public records my speeches my paper is
my position papers and if that document
existed it would be stored and the
National Archives were documents from
the office she claims to have filed a
complaint with are stored that's where
those they are stored the set of
controls those archives so I'm asking
the Secretary of the Senate today to
identify whether any such document
exists if it does make it public if you
could speak directly to Tara Reid about
her claims or anything what would you
say I would this never ever happened I
don't know what is motivating her I
don't know what I don't know it's behind
any of it but it's irrelevant it never
happened it never happened
period since our exclusive interview on
Friday there have been a number of
developments first Reid reportedly had a
planned interview with Chris Wallace on
Fox News Sunday but cancelled it because
of what she described to you NBC News
has security concerns a Fox News
spokesperson said the network had never
confirmed the interview Reid also told
The Associated Press in an interview
after my Friday a questioning of Joe
Biden about what might and might not
have been in the limited report she says
she filed in 1993 with the Senate
personnel office on Friday in a medium
post just before our interview and again
during his exclusive appearance on
Morning Joe Biden called for the Senate
to identify and release any record of
the complaint she alleges to a
filed after the interview Reid told the
AP that what she had filed was a limited
report that did not explicitly accuse
him of sexual assault or harassment the
AP reports that Reid says that in the
report she described her issues with
Biden but quote the main word I used and
I know I didn't use sexual harassment
I used uncomfortable and I remember
retaliation NBC News reported on April
12th back on April 12th that Reid said
she had complained of harassment but
didn't allege an assault and in a text
message to NBC's Ali Vitali on Saturday
after the interview Reid wrote quote I
filed a complaint re regarding sexual
harassment and retaliation but I'm not
sure what explicit words on that intake
form until we all see it again the AP
had interviewed Reid last year when Reid
was one of eight women who came forward
then with allegations that Biden had
made them feel uncomfortable with what
they felt was unwanted and inappropriate
touching Biden has acknowledged those
complaints and he has promised to be
more mindful about respecting personal
space in the future during one of the
April 2019 interviews with the AP Reid
said that Biden rubbed her shoulders and
neck and played with her hair she said
she was asked by an aide and Biden
Senate office to dress more
conservatively and told don't be so sexy
she said then of Biden I wasn't scared
of him that he was going to take me in a
room or anything it wasn't that kind of
vibe Reid told the AP that she was
reluctant to share details of the
assault during her initial conversations
with reporters over a year ago because
she was scared of backlash and was still
coming to terms with what happened to
her she made the specific public
allegation of sexual assault against
Biden for the first time this year
around the time he became the
presumptive Democratic presidential
nominee the AP discovered additional
transcripts
notes from its 2019 interviews with
reads that pertain to the Senate report
she claims she filed according to a
transcript of her 2019 interview Reid
said quote they have this counseling
office or something and I think I walked
in there once but then I chickened out
on Friday the AP asked her about that
comment and Reid said she was referring
to having chickened out by not filing
full harassment or assault allegations
against Biden in multiple interviews
with the AAP on Friday Reid insisted she
filed an intake form at the Senate
personnel office which included her
contact information the office that she
worked for and some broad details of her
issues with Biden on Saturday Reid told
the AP there may have been a box to
check on the form noting a sexual
harassment complaint but she couldn't
remember and wouldn't know for sure
until she saw the form Reid says she
doesn't have a copy of the report the AP
notes that essentially Reid is
suggesting that even if the report
services it would surfaces it would not
corroborate her assault allegations
because she chose not to detail them at
the time one other note on the formal
complaint she says she filed this from
NBC News is reporting back in April 12th
federal law at the time set forth
procedures for allegations of harassment
or discrimination in employment on the
basis of gender which would have
included a hearing by a board of
independent officers no such process was
initiated by Reid's complaint thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up to date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching